(rhythmic music)
(lead guitar joins)
(smooth rhythmic music)
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
♪ Black and orange stray
cat sittin' on a fence ♪
♪ Ain't got enough dough to pay the rent ♪
♪ I'm flat broke but I don't care ♪
♪ I strut right by with
my tail in the air ♪
♪ Stray cat strut I'm a ♪
♪ Ladies cat ♪
♪ I'm a feline Casanova,
hey man that's that ♪
♪ Get a shoe thrown at
me from a mean old man ♪
♪ I get my dinner from a garbage can ♪
- Meow.
- Yeah don't go cross my path!
(smooth rhythmic music continues)
(music crescendos)
♪ I don't bother chasing mice around ♪
♪ Whoa no ♪
♪ I slink down the alley
looking for a fight ♪
♪ Howling to the moonlight
on a hot summer night ♪
♪ Singin' the blues
while the lady cats cry ♪
♪ "Wild stray cat,
you're a real gone guy" ♪
♪ I wish I could be as carefree and wild ♪
♪ But I got cat class
and I got cat style ♪
(smooth rhythmic music continues)
(music livens)
♪ I don't bother chasing mice around ♪
♪ I slink down the alley
looking for a fight ♪
♪ Howling to the moonlight
on a hot summer night ♪
♪ Singin' the blues
while the lady cats cry ♪
♪ "Wild stray cat,
you're a real gone guy" ♪
♪ I wish I could be as carefree and wild ♪
♪ But I got cat class
and I got cat style ♪
(music winds down and concludes)
- Meow!